I mean really people like to disrespect
my truth but the fact is that you know
my name is I don't know this is a
conversation with my girl Melissa
following up after my 10,000 the video
with the closely related issues of
jealousy envy Beauty physical appearance
how our society works and how it doesn't
but I'd freeze the topic of this video a
little bit more in terms of the
potential for shallow people to change
and I think most of us maybe all of us
if we mem remember far enough back into
our use at some point we were shallow
people and probably some part of us is
shallow still even if it's only for a
few hours a day you probably have your
few shallow hours per day and we're
gonna talk about ourselves we're gonna
talk about our own real high experience
here um want to start with my father
all right my father may not have been
perceived as a shallow guy he was
absolutely as shallow as they came and
as a young man in high school it was not
easy for him to get the attention of
women it was not easy for him to get the
affection of women and he never got over
it
he went into acting he went into theater
and this was absolutely transparently to
get the attention and affection of women
and a lot compared to some other
strategies in life you can say that it
works you can say that it's not entirely
evil or entirely awful learn to talk a
good game and learn to have some stage
presence learn you know get some what
you know and he went from theater into
politics extreme cult-like fringe
politics and he went into religion
that's the part nobody wants to talk
about with my father was his years as
some kind of Christian existentialist he
was a Christian preacher of sorts as
well as being a communist and left-wing
but it was all about women it was all
about sexuality was all about getting
laid it was all about his ego he never
got over it I got I saw him as an old
and every business meeting everything in
his office if you ever saw him in the
room with young women women who were
young enough to be impregnated but at
the Hawaii you know hypothetically you
know always of you is constantly holding
court and trying to fascinate people
it's really in the truest sense the way
he not it's beyond being the center of
attention this shallow sense of
competing for being the cleverest and
the most attractive and you know
whatever it was an act he was an actor
and he never stopped playing the part
and politics for him was never about
helping the weak and the poor and the
downtrodden never never a Christianity
for him was never about helping the weak
and the poor and the downtrodden and by
the way if you guys haven't heard
already he had nine kids with a whole
bunch of different women and I think if
you talked to anyone from his communist
organization other than him he
intentionally ended up with a swinging
free love
Kotoko congress organization and he
slept with as many women as possible and
and here's the here's the plot twist i
think the vast majority of people
perceived my father as some kind of
profound bookish intellectual he was not
what he did with his life intellectually
with every bit as shallow as what these
girls are doing on instagram or what you
know a young man who works out at the
gym and is showing his body in his room
it was every bit as shallow but what he
had to show off what he did to get
attention and an affirmation is still
ego affirmation from women what he did
was just much more intellectual than
physical right so you know know what do
shallow people change can shallow people
change you know
profound and deep people can become
shallow we know that yeah anyone can
become a cocaine addict anyone can just
start devoting their life to to self
intelligence stuff I
I feel I've become shallower as I got
older because a lot of the more profound
things in my life really just didn't
work out and end in tragedy so it's easy
to have a kind of facile point of view
which they of course shallow people can
gain uh can gain a more profound
appreciation for life or you know being
able in deeper life I fake yeah I don't
know and you know let's be real it's in
large part because of the type of
rewards that their shallowness is gonna
give them whether that's positive ego
information and remember I mean like for
my dad it's not like he slept with all
these women like for every one woman he
actually seduced and slept with he was
seducing all the time you he was wanting
that attention you know and I mean
that's a lot like Instagram like I mean
what percentage the women of these women
they're flirting with people all the
time they're being seductive all the
time and it's like one one out of a
thousand or one out of a million they'll
actually sleep with or even have a date
with or even kiss or something but you
know you can get addicted to you know
the positive ego you know feedback in
and information and stuff no look sorry
some Melissa's with me here off camera
and Melissa you've gone through the most
extreme cultural experiment because when
when she got with me I used to say she
had a pretty face privilege I'm
something we really had to talk about
you know your whole life okay almost
your whole life you know since you went
through puberty or something just the
fact you're a good-looking woman she
slimmed with a pretty face and then
especially in China when she was a
good-looking white woman living in China
she had unbelievable pretty facebook
privilege everyone thinks you're
everyone thinks you're brilliant even to
people think you're intelligent you're
good at your job and your charming
whatever all this buzz and then then she
got into this battle with acne and she's
currently halfway into a six-month
treatment of accutane really serious
medical treatment for this acne which
probably should have done it five years
ago or something we figured out there's
really no other way to go with her acne
condition then then serious medical
treatment and all you she went to the
opposite extreme I mean she was with me
in Taiwan just culturally Chinese and
she then went to being treated
as a pariah being treated as someone who
was incredibly ugly someone who was
reviled some of people felt disgusted by
and felt they felt uncomfortable looking
at you and I could sue we got to see
both sides it with job interviews - so
for me also I had so many job interviews
in China for me as a man where the only
thing talked about was how handsome I
was like that was the basis like wow
this is a shallow culture this is a
culture that's way more comfortable
talking about like male beauty or male
attractiveness openly than Western
culture but I mean likewise Mellisa
people people were running up to offer
her jobs on the street in China she
didn't want a job she wasn't looking you
know feel were trying to recruit her
just because she was going and then we
went from that to the opposite extreme
where we went to Javanese can we say
we're certain a lot of those job
interviews they turned both of us down
they turned us down because of Melissa's
face because of the agony you know so
you see the full gamut and you've seen
it also so Melissa I mean okay you can
tell me there's a chicken-and-egg
problem here so that by the way that
means there's a question of which which
one really came first of two things that
are that intertwine my impression of you
melissa is that one of the reasons you
fell in love with me was that you wanted
to lead a more meaningful life you
wanted to be more of a real intellectual
you didn't want to be a shallow person
skating by through life the way you had
been and you saw in me she was attracted
to me she fell in love with me but also
she saw me a way to switch tracks and
really get into leading a more a more
meaningful and substantive life yeah
absolutely what you say is all true all
the biographical details are true I must
say I resent it too
the fact that because I had a pretty
face that I was treated differently
mm-hmm no expectations I think the sad
thing is people make excuses for women
just because they look a certain way
because I don't I look small statured I
look feminine
I think typically people wouldn't expect
much of me as a woman so I do kind of
resent that
I didn't really have the development
that I should have had at a younger age
you mean it was being challenged during
morning yes in terms of being challenged
how people treated me she really learned
to talk well we were just just
mentioning in terms of the role of
silence versus speech like you were very
literally not expected to speak for
yourself you were used to kind of
standing around awkwardly and looking at
the ground and other people sorry that's
a very palpable example of this like you
can talk about low expectations and
stuff but that gives you someone seized
understand yeah oh yeah and as
uncomfortable as it might be to look
back at the videos that we recorded
initially yeah it is interesting to see
it because that was who I was at the
time and that's the kind of development
I had in terms of linguistic expressing
myself those kinds of skills
I think we're stunted partly because of
you know my own doing but it's also like
I said I resent that there were low
expectations for me because I looked a
certain way and it is also uncomfortable
looking back on it and I made this
comment to you regarding Kristin leo
that I think 10 years from now she'll
look back on these videos that she's
recording now and say wow I looked
really beautiful or that was my period
of being beautiful and in the limelight
that was my period of Fame and now I'm
older and I have you know it's up to her
how she's going to change in the next 10
years is she going to develop as an
intellectual is she going to have
something else to be proud of something
else not even necessarily to be proud of
but to have like self-respect
I think that's the number one thing like
finding something that you yourself are
going to value something that's not
going to fade away and what I've
discovered is what doesn't fade away is
really intellectual development and
learning and maybe not even if people
aren't interested in philosophy or if
they're
not interested in learning specific
things like at least you can learn how
to handle it yourself better and that is
very valuable I would say you could you
can learn how to learn man may sound low
but hopefully you know we become a
lifelong you become a person of learning
of course Newland you know the
musculature of learning if you like I
just say I don't expect everybody to be
interested in philosophy I don't expect
everybody to be interested in the same
things that I have been part of the
reason why I fell in love with you is
because I think Malia Meyer and respect
your knowledge base that you've actually
read books on history on political
matters around the world you you just
have a genuine fascination with the
world genuine curiosity and I think
that's the most wonderful thing about
being a human being is the curiosity it
doesn't have to fade away and and you
you don't necessarily have to become
jaded with life you can you can find new
things to learn and and even though it
might be hard I mean one comment that
you made in your video is that people
who have been addicted to playing video
games all their lives it's hard to say
or it's easy to say for an outsider to
say just just start doing some
meaningful and without yeah yeah it's
easy to say it find a new hobby hard for
the actual person to come up with a new
hobby or start a new hobby because
you're starting from a level of
stupidity and it's accepting the
stupidity that is also hard at least it
was for me like I said some people had
expectations of me just because of my
appearance or because I you know I was
able to put on a face of looking
intelligent I think that was a big part
of me in my adolescence and early 20s is
having the appearance of knowing what
I'm talking about or like what I'm
thinking
but this deep insecurity of not really
having the tools the skills the
curiosity just about I want to pause in
this you know um when you and I first
got together also you perceived your own
beauty and intelligence very differently
too right so we had conversations early
in this relationship Melissa had the
attitude
that she had not been a good-looking
person growing up that she hadn't been
pretty that she had have been
disadvantaged this way and you know we
had conversations appointed to her look
you know you have these different
anecdotes like during University and
even during high school of guys really
trying to sleep with you when you made
no effort to attract them or seduce like
she didn't even say a word like she sat
there silently and these guys got their
courage together and really you know
tried to pitch you know you know try to
I think in every single case they were
trying to pitch a long-term relationship
actually I don't think any of them were
kind of picture one-night stand but you
know and like really saying was no wait
stop and think about it
that doesn't happen to every girl there
are girls there are women who their
whole lives have never had that
experience once and there are women who
only have that experience when they
really dress up in a short skirt and a
push-up bra and really go out and they
make kind of nine-tenths of the effort
for the guy they really kind of set up
the interaction or something and you
were sitting here what kind of stepping
into space and actually know this
happened you know many times during your
eyes like no this isn't assuming that's
another worst thing is that the
perception versus the reality now there
actually is something parallel I think
intellectually like in terms of how
good-looking you are and yes it's within
your culture and yes foodies in the
other holder the beauties in the eye of
the beholder but nevertheless there were
really stark inequalities we're talking
about here as you say some people never
have that experience and so and so forth
I have to reflect on that in my own life
too um you know intellectually things
can be effortless for you without you
really realizing they're effortless
until until or unless maybe you meet
someone else room was a big up heroes
okay wow I did this effortlessly and you
know then also the kind of privileges in
the experience you have growing up in
society based on your appearance if you
don't really force yourself to think
analytically and sympathetically like no
there were other people who would have
to work really hard for the same thing
or there are other people who couldn't
have that at all no matter how much hard
work they put in alright so on and so
forth that's right
is a bit of a tragedy that I didn't know
the reality of it I like Melissa I do
consider Melissa naturally gifted at
learning Chinese and it's one of her
talents I don't think melissa is
naturally gifted at ancient Greek
philosophy um no that's but you know she
makes the effort and she gets the
results working out of the gym here you
put it you put in the effort and get the
results I mean these are two of many
many areas in which Melissa's had a ton
of personal growth in the last two years
I mean you basically basically never
heard of the Chinese language before
start learning Chinese she had no
familiarity with ancient Greek and
ancient Roman sources and started
started learning that stuff she just
started taking life seriously and
learning in different ways but even then
I would point out there is an underlying
question of talent and ability so I have
a million brothers and sisters one of my
brother's is dyslexic from birth but you
know whether or not something that
obvious not everyone could just pick up
Aristotle and start trying to make
progress there even if you're not
naturally gifted at that and not
everyone could just start learning
Chinese that what were you 26 or
something 25 some like that you know and
starving but not everyone could just
start doing it so I just say it is
interesting also the way in which this
experience of shallowness and the
struggle not to be she'll the Strout
shot struggle to be a more meaningful
intellectual person it's still in framed
by you know think things that are to
some extent fixed from birth or fixed
from an early age in our in our
development or the things that we may be
at least struggle against from an early
age and it can be humbling to accept
your stupidity yes in these but I've
learned to it was hard you know and I
saw your video that you put together of
supreme banana saying that she's
blocking or I was following women that
she feels for those didn't see the clip
this is another youtuber called supreme
banana she's alluding to a moment when
supreme banana a youtuber here said that
she herself systematically blocks women
on Instagram whom she finds to pretty
women who make her feel insecure about
herself including women that she's
personal friends with
in real life and she asserts the further
step of recommending this to the
audience like it's a good thing to do
for your so-called self-love or
self-care is do I think out of jealousy
or envy or insecurity block anyone mute
anyone avoid looking at anyone on the
internet who's prettier than you are I
guess yeah so I was saying you know it's
humbling to remind yourself that you are
stupid in certain areas yeah but that
doesn't mean that you can't improve and
learn and then you know get to a certain
level of competency so let's say you're
you know you don't know much about
philosophy you can at least work on that
it doesn't have to be something that is
unchangeable something that you always
have to feel insecure about like oh when
people bring up philosophy I just you
know I don't know what to say or I just
don't know what what to say because I
haven't read it well that's something
that you can change that's the wonderful
thing about about life is that you can
read up on topics and then have
something to say a little bit deeper on
exactly the same point maybe one of the
unique things about the life of the mind
about intellectual pursuits is that
there's still value in failure like you
can struggle to study philosophy or
politics and fail and then have the
failure and that still has some kind of
positive value in your life like if you
try to be a weightlifter or try to be a
bodybuilder and you fail maybe that's
entirely negative we can think of a lot
of long term bad consequence for that or
even you might say the type of
humiliation involved in trying to you
lookyou your goal is you spend two years
trying to benchpress 200 pounds we know
a guy like that through YouTube actually
guys talked to you know he spent years
really working out every day and his
goals were pretty humble it was like
benchpress 200 pounds it was some stuff
like that she had a list and he never
accomplished those goals so that may be
humiliating in a way that's completely
unproductive but I think the type of
failure what if you struggle to learn
Chinese and you can't do it at least
you've got the struggle and there's I
think there's probably tremendous
educational value in that struggle won
in that failure there's something you
learn that's really worthwhile and
that's different
I don't know you wear a short skirt and
a push-up rod you try to be the tertius
turd on instagram and you fail and
there's a lot of that going on in real
life yeah and your channel is you you
try try and get your heart broken over
and over again that is the hardest thing
is when you try and you fail but you
can't just get mired and your failures
you you can learn from them and progress
as an individual and not just mope
around I mean that was really my problem
I felt stunted and I gotta say I did not
address the reason I bring this up is
because supreme banana is unblocking
people that presumably on Instagram it's
just about their appearance or what
they're expressing what they're doing
with their lives that she feels insecure
about herself
so that can only be altered so much your
beauty can't be changed that much as as
much as your brain can as much as you
can actually learn and improve and other
aspects of your life in some ways your
face is the face that you were born with
barring plastic surgery which probably
will make you look worse overall you
know you can't you can't actually change
yourself that much of course I'm all for
improving your health and fitness and
that's something that you actually
helped me with because I you know I had
never lifted weights I'd never even had
that like small accomplishment like you
know you talk about the humiliation of
weightlifting yeah it's hard it's really
hard to accept that like wow I'm you
know when I met you I was 24 years old
and I never been she never lifted 10
pounds like I was with her when she did
5 pounds 10 pounds and when she was
doing really really it's Lois really
right yeah what I'd been taught was
mostly cardio and in to be thin you know
like maintain low weight
and you know calorie count so that you
don't gain weight as opposed to actual
gross it's like literally growing Rosa
yeah I saw I experienced both like
growing physically muscle you know that
literal strength you know it but it's it
also involves a lot of humiliation and
you know just realizing wow like I met
it's such a low level of strength and
I'm building up from the very basics but
I'm happy I did it and I and I just want
to say like I don't think I made the
personal growth earlier on that I should
have in terms of like feeling insecure
about myself because by the time I met
you I was extremely insecure with my
appearance but I had been for ten years
before that and I didn't really make
that progress to saying this this is not
yes beauty is something that is
objective but it took many hours of
talking with you philosophically about
it you're like just thinking through
things and reasoning through it rather
than getting upset and saying like oh
wow I feel so ugly or like you know I'm
hideous and you know everybody else is
more beautiful than me every woman's
every woman has a more beautiful body
than me more voluptuous and stuff you
know like all this was really weight on
me and like it doesn't help to block out
the other women who are more beautiful
than you that's what I've found even
though it's it's hard as hell to like it
except you know like I get it you know I
really sympathize with Kristen leo I
really sympathize with supreme and
Hannah that if you if you feel insecure
it's maybe feels like it's the right
thing to do to just block it out but if
you walk outside you're gonna see
beautiful women you're gonna see people
that you you feel you know insecure
around and that's that's just you have
to develop okay okay okay but but let's
let's just let's just nail nail this a
little bit harder if you want to be a
novelist can you just not read novelists
who are more successful than you if
you're a filmmaker you're like oh
I don't I don't like walking past the
cinema because I see the movie posters
of filmmakers who are more successful
than I am and again it's not just
success so you can talk about quality or
craft like oh wow like that that
filmmaker can do things I can't do that
novelist like I mean it's kind of
obviously sick and twisted and screwed
up when we're talking about in the
lifetime and it's sick and twisted it's
more sick and twisted or when it's your
body or your face because you can't
change it and some people are really
ugly for some people this is a burden
they really really have to bear where
it's not just neurosis like no for real
you were born you were born with this
huge disadvantage in life oh you know I
like you okay but I just sorry I'm not
getting to it quick enough but yeah my
point is it's really hard to accept but
it doesn't help like I just want to say
like I didn't make that personal growth
because number one I like was in a
relationship beforehand where the you
know the person was telling me all the
time like no you're the most beautiful
like woman in the world to me like you
know I find you so beautiful and stuff
like and I knew it I was still deeply
insecure it doesn't matter being told
how many times and that you can hear
from somebody that you love like oh wow
you're really beautiful or like I find
you so beautiful that doesn't really
help because like what I was really what
I was really needing was the actual
ability to reason through it and realize
like beauty is just beauty um what you
can actually work on is what you can be
proud of like that's what you should be
proud of because there's such a
hollowness and saying like and you you
mentioned the other day that you saw a
video from some woman who was you know
boasting about just like her looks like
you know I'm so beautiful and I've
attracted like all these men all these
hip you know men and hit him in the hip
hop world like they all want to sleep
with me and stuff or they all have slept
with me you know she's bragging she's
boasting about being so you know
beautiful that she's attractive this
there's such a hollowness in that and I
you know I don't
how can anyone you know I guess if
that's what you have to be proud of it's
it's just kind of sad
me like that that's that's what you've
got to hang your you hang your hat on
when you get home from work or you get
home when you're when you're when you
get home from the gym maybe all right
yeah right you know like wow I'm
beautiful because it's it's just it's
really shallow and what what really
matters to me I mean it's just more
depth
you know if how could I have been
confident in myself how could I have
been self-respecting or how could I have
liked myself when I didn't have the
qualities you know I was out of the
stage of my life when I was I did didn't
have anybody pushing me to develop
intellectually or develop like you know
as an adult or you you know respect
myself as an adult like being you know
anyway so I just say no so I would say I
don't even think confidence comes from
success or capability right like in a
sense confidence comes from trying
things and failing to write like this
comes back to this issue of failure
being really positive when it's
intellectual nature so we were talking
to someone yesterday and he he said well
you know learning Greek is really
difficult and I said well yeah but it's
not more difficult than Chinese Pali
Sanskrit Cambodian lotion right now in a
lot of ways these things in my life have
been failures I wanna come back to the
nature failure briefly a little bit here
but I can look at learning Greek and I
can feel confident and it's not a false
sense of confidence it's not a boasting
sense of confidence it's not something
fake it's not something I'm trumping up
for the camera I have confidence that's
based on trying and doing that sort of
thing and it's also based on trying and
failing right and you know you could see
that also about physical fitness or
other things look I have enough
experience lifting weights and working
out to know what I can do what I can't
do what I could just barely do it you
know also like how much time would be in
both like okay if I stop doing
everything else and just work out and
this is possible you know like and how
much is reasonable that so I mean it's
not confidence from accomplishment even
it's insignificant part you know
confidence from from failure
you know now look I think what's what's
most bizarre about attractiveness and
attraction and and beauty in this is
that you know our own relationship to it
is is so arbitrary and out of our
control you know I think it totally
shaped my father for his whole life that
he tried to seduce women when he was
still in high school or what-have-you
and failed they just never never got
over and stuff and I mean most of my
failure in life he said this to me the
other day were at the airport
most of my failures in life have not
been my own fault which is very
different the Chiefs in a different way
my father got a scholarship to learn
Sanskrit at Harvard University Harvard
school Grover lives and he failed he
fundamentally could not do it it wasn't
in him he didn't have the talent or the
focus or whatever he lacked what it took
to do Sanskrit you know and that's
something you had to live with and some
ways he confident so compensated for for
the rest of his life you know now I have
to admit and this also I mean my own
failures like it's like well the
university is screwed up this is the
problem that's the problem I've faced
these really weird institutional hurdles
as a Canadian citizen studying in really
bad universities or where the language
I'm studying isn't taught by the
university at all and this kind of thing
they're these huge terrible obstacles to
me that have nothing to do with my
ability no one ever said to me you know
what kid you can't hack it in philosophy
or you know a kid you you're not good at
writing essays about politics or you
know what kid you're not gonna learn
Chinese you know what kid you just don't
have what it takes to learn this
language or do this kind of research on
the on the contrary I had professors
telling me that I was brilliant that I
was naturally gifted that was a genius
even someone whom used the word genius
at the same time that they were telling
me look this university is terrible
there's no program for this there's no
way you know often was with the caution
that nevertheless I was gonna fail like
look you're you're talented you're good
at this but you know there's there's no
route forward for you see yeah but look
this this fits into okay one of the most
bizarre things as a man is talking a man
who get with women
and they attribute it to some effort
they like it's because I worked under
the jam or it's because I was charming
or because I I spoke to her in a certain
way that's like no she just found you
attractive period you know it doesn't
even matter that you're objectively I'm
sure I mean what one woman in a thousand
finds me attractive but they find me
really attractive I mean it's it's not
that many women but I mean you know like
every so often I connect with them in a
random and I can tell the chemistry's
there they really go for it well I don't
have a big head about it but like if I
convinced myself like oh that's because
I was wearing this cologne today or
something or you know what men will
attribute cause and effect you know
that's because I spoke to her in a
certain way that's that's because of
something I did it's like no you know
words it's just arbitrary that you
happen to meet someone who really finds
you're their type however you want to
put it they find you attractive there's
some there's some chemistry there's
something they they they relate to their
so that's even more bizarre you know it
is it arbitrary whether or not you're
good at learning Chinese you know
whether or not you've got what it takes
to sit down and practice memorizing
these symbols and stuff I mean at least
it's not as meaningless as whether or
not someone likes the shape of your ass
and that's that that is really you know
that is really what we're philosophizing
about what I really admired about you is
that you don't get an ego trip I know
maybe some people think that you do but
out of being the smartest person in the
room you say that you really want the
challenge from somebody who's
intellectually superior to you or
somebody who's got more experience than
you you really want that and I love that
about you
and I love that that love of learning
that you really have the curiosity I
don't know where you know it stopped for
me but like like I said it's a lot of
suffering and for me I fought it like
every step of the way you know people
don't know this because we I was in your
YouTube videos for a while and then I
wasn't and it was because like I fought
it like tooth and nail to like see
myself on camera like seeing yourself on
camera and hearing yourself on audio is
like
one of the hardest things cuz you you
really are able to critique yourself and
you're able to pick apart everything you
say and you're like wow that was stupid
or like wow those you have knows you
were you hear what you said
and you remember what you meant to say
alright this was the point I was trying
to get at yeah yeah right and we there
was a lot of suffering and you really
tried you really tried and there are
certain things that are just hard to
learn and you you have to learn them on
your own on your own time even though
like you you tried to tell me so many
things to like help me get through it
you know at a certain point it just it
just takes like your own failure
recognizing your own failure and being
okay with that and learning from it and
and realizing okay well I don't I don't
have to just say like okay if after a
while it turns out I'm just bad at being
out you see oh I'm bad at talking I'm
bad at being on camera that's okay but
like at the same time it doesn't help to
just be like mired and in despair about
it and be like oh my gosh stupid
everybody saw me this was stupid you
know
this kind of humiliation it's real
suffering and it's real struggle and
when I talk to people in close to me my
family you know when I say to them like
really to me life is not about happiness
because when what I found meaning in is
really struggling and in this past years
when I've struggled so much and like
gone through a lot of personal growth
even though it's really hard it's what I
find meaningful and and I you know I'll
stand by that I don't think life is
about happiness and life isn't about
unfollowing or blocking people who make
you feel sad or make you feel insecure
about yourself it's about addressing
that and actually coming face you know
facing that head-on okay Lucy I want to
keep this all the way real and I don't
want this to be entirely self-centered
so that's why I'm adding this anecdote
here that makes I think I think a lot of
people had this kind of experience they
just don't talk about they don't talk
about it honestly when I was in junior
high about that age there was a girl in
class with me who was deformed not
naturally not just read
target or something her mother took a
medication during pregnancy that results
in the fetus being deformed and so her
whole body was kind of deformed like you
know her face her face and her skull
shape was kind of not right and her arms
and her legs didn't really move properly
you know right okay I don't know if she
was mentally impaired she was in the
same class I was in so I guess she could
write the tests or whatever but yeah she
seemed stupid she spoke poorly I think
her jaw and mouth weren't part before
she was a deformed person and at that
school I mean this is I really think
school shouldn't do this but they did
like secret Valentine Day or something
we're like each student was supposed to
tell the other students that a crush you
homey don't play that don't do that's
really stupid you know and you know a
lot of the so all the girls kind of knew
in advance loudly girls were laughing me
and maybe for the oh ha like the
[ __ ] girl has a crush on you it was
like she was this thing and now you know
I wasn't cruel but it wasn't me no but I
think the reason why the girls were
being funny was like they expected me to
do some kind of politically correct
thing or like I pretended this was
reciprocated or want to do so it's like
you know no like this is this is the
reality no you know I'm not attracted to
you like no I'm not gonna pretend like
you know no like I'm sorry like you know
what like you don't directly say like
you're a deformed person but like you
know like this is the reality there's a
total stark inequality here or no I'm
not gonna pretend to go on a date with
you or something and you know the girls
in the class I wouldn't even say had a
crush on I didn't have a no cars no but
the girls I might have been interested
in were inexorably the women who were in
not any way disabled or deformed or what
have you they were the they were the
best-looking you know girls in the
school or what have you you know that's
that's a natural tendency and this one
had at that age you can't even talk
about intellect or intelligence or
sophistication because nobody has any
intellect or intelligence this was given
there were people who told me I was
smart as a kid well but come on get real
I mean that age I was still playing
video games and stuff just silly there's
new you know you can say oh there are
some smart people the world um we're all
dumb together when you're when you're
kids especially looking back you gotta
realize that so it's even more
about that you know what I mean so I
mean I just want emphasize like you know
to a much greater extent than the life
of the mind people are born into a
prison of the flesh and you're stuck
with it forever and you can't change
that and you can workout at the gym and
you can be stronger relative to your own
potential relative to what's natural for
you relative what's possible you but
that's it
you know when some people have big round
shoulders and some people are never
gonna have big round shoulders you know
when you get down to a kind of muscle
group by muscle group and for some
people it's kind of easy to have visible
abdominal muscles in a six-pack ascent
but we're never gonna have that and some
women will never have big breasts than
some women will always have big breasts
and like that is it and the most
terrible immutable aspect of beauty no
doubt is just the human face because the
there is no workout at the gym for your
face you know and if you think it's a no
big deal to pay a surgeon to get it a
chisel and literally break your nose and
reset your nose just look over at Cal
Elle's Channel it's a big deal homie
don't kid yourself you know it's a big
deal so yeah there's all this to be said
but I mean I think my message in this
video which I didn't think of I mean
we've talked before I mean fundamentally
the life of the mind is mutable you can
change who you are you can become a
better person and we open with this
example of my father even if you have
bad motivations and there's some
potential for personal growth there
whereas your face is basically immutable
these kinds of disadvantages you're born
with are immutable but I think what I
really didn't think of before this video
I think is even more hopeful it's
talking about the nature of failure I
mean what I said so Melissa mentioned
this you know I used to say this all the
time in Egypt I don't anymore you know
try hard get your heart broken go back
try again I talked about that process
you know I mean but the truth is that's
most meaningful and most rewarding with
the life of the mind and there's
probably nothing meaningful and nothing
rewarding about it if you're talking
about getting rejected like like let's
say you're that person who's born
deformed because your mom took a
during pregnancy that you know result in
you being deformed okay
what's the value in that person hitting
on someone you know start flirting with
someone and getting rejected again and
again I'm you know flirting with
different people there's there's I can't
say there's nothing there's some value
that you do heard something there's some
social interaction that you might gain
some confidence or different perspective
on life you might gain a kind of
philosophical you or the world okay
there's some but there's very very
little whereas you know when you're
trying to climb mountains intellectually
or what-have-you
even if you fall even if you fail I
think it's there that you're gonna find
these things more people like to
disrespect my truth but the fact is that
you know my name is I don't know